[Music]
hey guys this is Ron from YouTube's of
rock and metal news with a rock and
metal news update Meshuga has announced
that their new album will be released on
March 27th 2012 the what title has not
been mentioned yet the band had the
following to say quote after a long time
of deep soul-searching and intense
wrecking of the psyches the new album is
finally done soon you will meet this
colossus that will pulverize you're
being welcomed to the other side on
March the 27th that's really good news
there was rumor circulating recently
that Oceano supposedly was breaking up
well those rumors may have been
partially correct
it seems that Oceano vocalist adam
warren quit the band not too long ago
warren posted regarding Killswitch
Engage and singer howard jones parting
ways quote i'm shocked but well if skill
switch can go on after nine years and
three albums without mr. Jones on vocals
why couldn't a certain band without me
just saying I got a son that's growing
quick to provide for and I don't want to
miss a second of it I keep it real I'm
working on some projects here at home
they'll pop up when I get time away from
father duties to dig deeper
meanwhile the Oceano has not posted any
comments warp 2 organizers have
announced seven more bands that will
take part in the 2012 Warped Tour the
bands are blessed the fall Machine Gun
Kelly impending doom stepdad
Man Overboard super water sympathy
sympathy and a loss for words
and finally Lamb of God continues their
resolution tour with shows in South
America and one show in Mexico
support on all shows will be hatebreed
with Lacuna Coil and added to the bill
in brazil and argentina and chile that
would be super cool to see you check the
dates in the description of this video
this is Ron from YouTube's Rocca metal
news and that's a rock metal news update
thanks for tuning in